Let's review we instructed our compose file to create a service called smart brain API.
And this used the docket file by using the build.
Otherwise we could use something like image and we would need this parameter.
It mapped the containers internal ports 3000 to the Horst port.
That is my computer and upon all the six fusion we run NPM start to start our server.
We also learned about the command dock or compose run where we can run this service which will run the
command that we have established here.
However with Dharker compose run isn't that useful because we ideally have multiple services here.
So instead of that we use something called Dharker compose up and dock or compose up allows us to bring
up all the services that we have listed here and there will define all the services running by their
container name as we have here.
And right now even though we only have one service our back end API it's enough to show that it's working
and how we can now add more things to this file.
Now you may notice one issue here and that is the fact that any time we make a change to our file like
when we added Morgan we had to rebuild everything rerun everything to get us up and running.
For example if I go to server dodginess and let's say in here I'll just do a console log of check this
doesn't refresh gnomon isn't really watching this change because these files that I changed is on my
local machine not on the container but there's a way for us to fix this problem.
We go back to dock or compose I can add volume
and within the volumes I can give it my current directory on my local machine which in which case will
be this the root directory.
And we want it to be mapped to the working directory that we have in the container right here.
And if you remember volume's allows us access to the file system of the dock or container where the
dock or container is.
So this way by copying or by having these files mapped to where the container is the container file
system is going to see the changes and update gnomon.
So let's save here.
I'm going to close and again run NPM or duck compose up dash dash.
Bill
I get the check command but that's because I rebuilt it if I changed this to
look that it's listening to changes now and I can update my file and the docker container is going to
update with it.
Volumes is a bit of a complex topic and I'll leave for a nice resource for you to read.
But just think of volumes as a way to have a connection or mounting whatever we have on our computer
to the doctor container.
But for now we have some nice setup with the back and I think we need to add our postscripts.
Finally I'll see in the next one by.